6
The softmax function, also known as softargmax[1]:184 or normalized exponential function,[2]:198 is a generalization of the logistic function to multiple dimensions. It is used in multinomial logistic regression and is often used as the last activation function of a neural network to normalize the output of a network to a probability distribution over predicted output classes, based on Luce's choice axiom.
3
softmax
normalized
multinomial
Instead of e, a different base b > 0 can be used. If 0<b < 1, smaller input components will result in larger output probabilities, and decreasing the value of b will create probability distributions that are more concentrated around the positions of the smallest input values. Conversely, if b > 1, larger input components will result in larger output probabilities, and increasing the value of b will create probability distributions that are more concentrated around the positions of the largest input values. Writing b = e [a] (for real v)[b] yields the expressions
3
smaller
probabilities
distributions
For instance, if X is used to denote the outcome of a coin toss, then the probability distribution of X would take the value 0.5 for X = heads, and 0.5 for X = tails (assuming that the coin is fair). Examples of random phenomena include the weather condition in a future date, the height of a randomly selected person, the fraction of male students in a school, the results of a survey to be conducted, etc
2
toss
is
A* (pronounced A star) is a graph traversal and path search algorithm, which is often used in many fields of computer science due to its completeness, optimality, and optimal efficiency.[1] One major practical drawback is its
4
graph
algorithm
algorithm,
drawback
A* is an informed search algorithm, or a best-first search, meaning that it is formulated in terms of weighted graphs: starting from a specific starting node of a graph, it aims to find a path to the given goal node having the smallest cost (least distance travelled, shortest time, etc.). It does this by maintaining a tree of paths originating at the start node and extending those paths one edge at a time until its termination criterion is satisfied. 
3
best-first
criterion
Hormash
Typical implementations of A* use a priority queue to perform the repeated selection of minimum (estimated) cost nodes to expand. This priority queue is known as the open set or fringe. At each step of the algorithm, the node with the lowest f(x) value is removed from the queue, the f and g values of its neighbors are updated accordingly, and these neighbors are added to the queue. The algorithm continues until a removed node (thus the node with the lowest f value out of all fringe nodes) is a goal node.[b] The f value of that goal is then also the cost of the shortest path, since h at the goal is zero in an admissible heuristic. 
3
admissible
heuristic
lowest
